[Applause]
you look great are you feeling I feel
good gratulations on the baby yeah who
do you call first when you find out
you're pregnant Ryan Seacrest first well
it was Tristan because he kept saying
you're pregnant and I was like be quiet
I'm not pregnant
okay just I was nauseous not feeling
well and then he had to leave the
country and I took a pregnancy test
ah and I was like oh I was like
screaming it's so weird how do you get a
pregnancy test you go on Amazon and
order one because I would imagine people
are following you everywhere so if you
were in the drugstore getting a
pregnancy test we would all know
something is going on I had my trusty
assistant do it ah so it was Alexa my
assistant Tristan and I we were the only
ones that knew a few weeks until I was
able to tell my family oh really you
didn't tell anyone tell anything
he was out of the country we wanted to
tell everyone together it's actually all
caught on keeping up which I'm excited
about because everyone they get to see
all the stuff I was going through
without them knowing you're saying there
were cameras present in your personal
life to capture this hey you know I know
you did it for the show nari but it is
kind of great to have that because you
do want to like tain you know most
people will set up their phone and tape
it but you have like a full crew so the
crew knew you were pregnant - hey or
your sister knew yes I've known the crew
since 2007 we've had pretty much
essentially the same crew and they've
been involved in so much of the best and
they and they keep quiet so your family
now are you getting all kinds of advice
from your sisters and mom and all that
stuff yeah and a lot of it is you know
unwanted
who gives the worst and most / most
annoying advice I don't know if it's the
worst but Kourtney gives a lot of advice
and I think it's so sweet but I don't
want to do some of that stuff and it's
like either you have to be like you can
never have a plastic toy ever like God
from like if someone buying is like blah
I just like let me experience things
that's either her way or no way so I'm
trying to it's not what you say it's how
you say it I'm trying to work because
we've been fighting a lot lately
whatever fight why is she against
plastic in general he doesn't want the
kid touching plastic atching breed
anything oh she got pissed because I
wanted to put a TV in the nursery and
like I haven't even decorated the
nursery yet the only thing I wanted was
a TV so far she's right I'm the worst
person for ever wanting a TV you guys
are on TV I have to have a TV and like
when you're breastfeeding or whatever I
need to I don't know must have a
television when you're breastfeeding she
doesn't have a television she's crazy
what would she do just sit there and
stare at the wall think she was like
better than I because she doesn't watch
as much TV but I like TVs now much
television yeah well you're gonna need
to keep busy now do you know where you
will have the baby in Cleveland okay in
Cleveland yeah okay go cuz Tristan is
there a have you guys figure it out cuz
he plays for the Cavaliers yeah figured
out like if he's got a game that night
will he miss the game well I don't know
when I'm having the baby yet it just
kind of happens from what I hear right
but have you said you better be in that
room when the baby comes no matter
what's going on or is it up in the air I
haven't said that I kind of assumed that
was just known I should say that I don't
yet cuz a lot of athletes will not will
not be there bad no okay he's gonna be
there well and I already know my mom and
everyone which is great I've been in the
delivery room for all of their babies oh
you have all of them all of them
I even witnessed Kylie being born from
my mom so I was here how old were you at
that time I want to say like 14 or 15
Wow it was that horrifying for a night
you know and as a teenager I don't know
about a placenta coming out oh yeah
Kylie was born my mom's holding this
baby and I was like what and no one
tells a teenager there's you know I
gotta tell you even if you know the
placentas coming out it's still a
surprise
yeah it's traumatized and not in a good
way yeah I was like okay so they will
they all be in the room with you you
know I think I have to talk to Tristan
about this I know it's overwhelming um
yeah we got to figure this out so who's
first mom and she number one yeah okay
and then and then whoever won't annoy me
like whoever will annoy you the legalese
yeah I see yeah Laura's gonna be the
comment I could deal with you think then
they're all gonna come to Cleveland to
be there at a moment's notice to be in
the delivery room watch out Ohio oh my
god hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you enjoyed
the video hit subscribe and if you don't
click Subscribe this invisible hamster
will die